but to Pakistan now where members of
turit laak Pakistan are holding what
they call Al AA million March in support
of Palestine thousands of the party
supporters are gathering in Islam Abad
its leaders have condemned what they
describe as genocide being committed in
Gaza they demanding Israel be declared a
terrorist State Kamal Haida is at the
rally in Islam Abad and uh what's
happening with the protest now how many
people have have turned out so
far
well as you can see behind me tens of
thousands of people are Marching just a
few uh meters from Islamabad very soon
uh they will be in the city we are
standing at Z Point emotions are running
high this is by far the largest
procession so far against the Israeli
actions in Gaza and the occupied West
Bank now we've been speaking to a lot of
people here who say that the governments
must do more and if they cannot do
anything they should allow the people to
go so they can fight alongside their
Palestinian brothers and sisters in the
occupied territories as you can see this
particular procession is several
kilometers long we've been on this
bridge for about half an hour and the
procession has still not ended there are
people coming from all across Rahul
pendi from people across the Punjab from
across Pakistan and what as I mentioned
is going to be the largest show of force
by the TQ Pakistan which has tremendous
support in the Punjab Province people do
come out when there is a call from this
party and today we can see and witness
one of the
largest uh processions here taking place
in the capital Islam the security forces
of course are also on alert they have
blocked several roads but these people
are determined they're going to go into
Islamabad and they're going to make that
protest being felt and also for people
to see that the people of Pakistan
totally reject the Israeli genocide in
Gaza and also on the West Bank thanks so
much Kamal that's an incredible turnout
there Cal hi it for us in Islam
ABAB